<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    		<meta name="keywords" content="Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks/Noticeboard/Archive1,Rock, Paper, Scissors,Signal-to-noise,WP:AN,Cowman109,Dmcdevit,Essjay,Johnleemk,Newyorkbrad,Radiant!,Raul654" />
		<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
		<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/w/opensearch_desc.php" title="Wikipedia (English)" />
		<link rel="copyright" href="../../../COPYING.html" />
    <title>Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks/Noticeboard/Archive1 - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</title>
    <style type="text/css">/*<![CDATA[*/ @import "../../../skins/htmldump/main.css"; /*]]>*/</style>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../../../skins/common/commonPrint.css" />
    <!--[if lt IE 5.5000]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE50Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE 5.5000]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE55Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE 6]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE]><script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/common/IEFixes.js"></script>
    <meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" /><![endif]-->
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/common/wikibits.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/md5.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/utf8.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/lookup.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../raw/gen.js"></script>        <style type="text/css">/*<![CDATA[*/
@import "../../../raw/MediaWiki%7ECommon.css";
@import "../../../raw/MediaWiki%7EMonobook.css";
@import "../../../raw/gen.css";
/*]]>*/</style>          </head>
  <body
    class="ns-4">
    <div id="globalWrapper">
      <div id="column-content">
	<div id="content">
	  <a name="top" id="contentTop"></a>
	        <h1 class="firstHeading">Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks/Noticeboard/Archive1</h1>
	  <div id="bodyContent">
	    <h3 id="siteSub">From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</h3>
	    <div id="contentSub"><span class="subpages">&lt; <a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_a514.html" title="Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee">Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee</a> | <a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_4cee.html" title="Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks">Clerks</a> | <a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_5982.html" title="Wikipedia:Arbitration Committee/Clerks/Noticeboard">Noticeboard</a></span></div>
	    	    <div class="usermessage">You have <a href="../../../1/2/7/User_talk%7E127.0.0.1.html" title="User talk:127.0.0.1">new messages</a> (<a href="../../../1/2/7/User_talk%7E127.0.0.1.html" title="User talk:127.0.0.1">last change</a>).</div>	    <!-- start content -->
	    <table id="toc" class="toc" summary="Contents">
<tr>
<td>
<div id="toctitle">
<h2>Contents</h2>
</div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Stuff_we.27re_involved_in"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Stuff we're involved in</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Snowspinner"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">Snowspinner</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Tznkai"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">Tznkai</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Tony_Sidaway"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">Tony Sidaway</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Ryan_Delaney"><span class="tocnumber">1.4</span> <span class="toctext">Ryan Delaney</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Johnleemk"><span class="tocnumber">1.5</span> <span class="toctext">Johnleemk</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#New_templates_for_case_opening"><span class="tocnumber">2</span> <span class="toctext">New templates for case opening</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Briefs.3F"><span class="tocnumber">3</span> <span class="toctext">Briefs?</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Obtaining_handling_and_presenting_evidence--what_are_the_ground_rules_for_clerks.3F"><span class="tocnumber">4</span> <span class="toctext">Obtaining handling and presenting evidence--what are the ground rules for clerks?</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#New_arbitrators_unrecusing_from_older_cases"><span class="tocnumber">5</span> <span class="toctext">New arbitrators unrecusing from older cases</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Timeline_in_userbox_case_and_SPUI"><span class="tocnumber">6</span> <span class="toctext">Timeline in userbox case and SPUI</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#The_summary_for_the_userbox_case"><span class="tocnumber">7</span> <span class="toctext">The summary for the userbox case</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Userbox_closure--it.27s_important_to_get_our_ducks_in_a_row"><span class="tocnumber">8</span> <span class="toctext">Userbox closure--it's important to get our ducks in a row</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2"><a href="#Let.27s_not_do_it_unless_explicitly_asked_to_do_it_by_the_arbitrators"><span class="tocnumber">8.1</span> <span class="toctext">Let's not do it unless explicitly asked to do it by the arbitrators</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Sockpuppetry_of_Ruy_Lopez"><span class="tocnumber">9</span> <span class="toctext">Sockpuppetry of Ruy Lopez</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Keeping_the_checkuser_page_clean"><span class="tocnumber">10</span> <span class="toctext">Keeping the checkuser page clean</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#-Ril-_2"><span class="tocnumber">11</span> <span class="toctext">-Ril- 2</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Desysopping"><span class="tocnumber">12</span> <span class="toctext">Desysopping</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-1"><a href="#Statement_length"><span class="tocnumber">13</span> <span class="toctext">Statement length</span></a></li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
<p><script type="text/javascript">
//<![CDATA[
 if (window.showTocToggle) { var tocShowText = "show"; var tocHideText = "hide"; showTocToggle(); } 
//]]>
</script><a name="Stuff_we.27re_involved_in" id="Stuff_we.27re_involved_in"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Stuff we're involved in">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Stuff we're involved in</span></h2>
<p><a name="Snowspinner" id="Snowspinner"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Snowspinner">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Snowspinner</span></h3>
<p>Since I've been on the job for two weeks already, here's what I've already done.</p>
<p>I'll also take the VV appeal - it's high profile, and two sets of eyes would benefit it. <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 23:07, 29 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>Have done this. <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_Clerk_VeryVerily_b3fe.html" title="User:Snowspinner/Clerk/VeryVerily">User:Snowspinner/Clerk/VeryVerily</a> <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 20:01, 1 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<p>I'll take KDRGibby and Dyslexic Agnostic (God help me). <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 06:48, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p>I've taken Tommstein. <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 17:25, 10 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Tznkai" id="Tznkai"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Tznkai">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Tznkai</span></h3>
<p>I'm recused from KDRGibby, as I am presenting evidence. I'll be tackling evidence and propsed decisions in VeryVerily, and I'll pick up whatever else is dropped (except Rajput, I think thats better left to someone a bit more experianced.)--<a href="../../../t/z/n/User%7ETznkai_3625.html" title="User:Tznkai">Tznkai</a> 02:25, 29 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p>Taking Tommistein and Leyasu. I'd like it if someone else took ruy lopez to avoid any possible bias from working on Apeal of VeryVerily--<a href="../../../t/z/n/User%7ETznkai_3625.html" title="User:Tznkai">Tznkai</a> 07:15, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>dropping leyasu, picking up instantnood 3
<dl>
<dd>Real life obligations came up, couldn't get away. I'll be back between this friday and the coming monday, sorry about that.--<a href="../../../t/z/n/User%7ETznkai_3625.html" title="User:Tznkai">Tznkai</a> 17:43, 2 February 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>Things got worse, not better. Many apologies, but I have serious family and personal obligations to take care of. It may be another week.--<a href="../../../t/z/n/User%7ETznkai_3625.html" title="User:Tznkai">Tznkai</a> 19:23, 8 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="Tony_Sidaway" id="Tony_Sidaway"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Tony Sidaway">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Tony Sidaway</span></h3>
<p>19:53, 1 August 2006 (UTC) Presently not available to perform clerk work.</p>
<p><a name="Ryan_Delaney" id="Ryan_Delaney"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Ryan Delaney">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Ryan Delaney</span></h3>
<p>A bit overcome with schoolwork lately. --<a href="../../../r/y/a/User%7ERyan_Delaney_f359.html" title="User:Ryan Delaney">Ryan Delaney</a> <a href="../../../r/y/a/User_talk%7ERyan_Delaney_8333.html" title="User talk:Ryan Delaney"><sup><b>talk</b></sup></a> 05:12, 23 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p>I'm doing cosmetic work on various cases, but not any opens/closes. --<a href="../../../r/y/a/User%7ERyan_Delaney_f359.html" title="User:Ryan Delaney">Ryan Delaney</a> <a href="../../../r/y/a/User_talk%7ERyan_Delaney_8333.html" title="User talk:Ryan Delaney"><sup><b>talk</b></sup></a> 07:35, 4 March 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Johnleemk" id="Johnleemk"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Johnleemk">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Johnleemk</span></h3>
<p>I will handle whatever I feel like tackling, subject to time constraints and my own interest. I have been adding bits and pieces to the Leyasu, Boothy, KDRGibby, VeryVerily appeal and Web Ex cases. I prefer working in the workshop, but I've added and summarised evidence in some cases (most infamously in the pedo userbox case). <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 10:44, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>I'm looking into the Shiloh case, but it's rather messy, and since I might not have the time, I'm reluctant to officially clerk for it yet. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 09:34, 13 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<dl>
<dd>I've taken the Tony Sidaway case -- I completed the opening, so I might as well see it through. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 18:28, 14 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="New_templates_for_case_opening" id="New_templates_for_case_opening"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: New templates for case opening">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">New templates for case opening</span></h2>
<p>If you follow the procedure to create cases, it's a pain because when it comes to the evidence, workshop and proposed decision pages you have to edit the links to replace "name of case" with the name of the case.</p>
<p>I've created three new templates:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_arbitration_Make_new_evidence_page_16eb.html" title="Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new evidence page">Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new evidence page</a></li>
<li><a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_arbitration_Make_new_workshop_page_b45d.html" title="Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new workshop page">Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new workshop page</a></li>
<li><a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_arbitration_Make_new_proposed_decision_page_a722.html" title="Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new proposed decision page">Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new proposed decision page</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Just create your main page and then click on the relevant links (as it says in thep clerks procedure page in the section on opening cases) then call them like so from inside the new, empty, evidence, workshop or proposed decision page.</p>
<p>{{subst:Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Make new workshop page|My new case}}</p>
<p>Don't forget the subst, or it won't work.</p>
<p>You still have to edit the new proposed decision page to enter the number of active arbitrators and calculate the consequent quote for a majority. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User%7ETony_Sidaway_8b51.html" title="User:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a>|<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Talk</a> 13:01, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Briefs.3F" id="Briefs.3F"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Briefs?">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Briefs?</span></h2>
<p>I've been floating this idea around, but I'd like to get some serious discussion going if any is necessary. In cases where users have submitted lots of confusing information, not enough information, the wrong kind of information (etc), would it be useful/proper for the clerk handling the case to write up a "brief" in a third location that summarizes and perhaps analyzes the evidence? For example, a clerk may write something like:</p>
<dl>
<dd>"Petitioner asserts that the user was engaged in a pattern of NPOV editing on article X (include some diffs from evidence page). The petitioner provides little or no evidence of failed attempts at dispute resolution, suggesting that this RFAR may only be a high-energy content dispute."</dd>
</dl>
<p>My main concern is the degree to which clerks should be doing analysis of evidence, or whether we should be doing nothing but distilling the information. Some RFARs are so confusing badly written that I think we could help by doing this, but I want to balance that against concerns that we should not be doing analysis, as that is the arb's job. --<a href="../../../r/y/a/User%7ERyan_Delaney_f359.html" title="User:Ryan Delaney">Ryan Delaney</a> <a href="../../../r/y/a/User_talk%7ERyan_Delaney_8333.html" title="User talk:Ryan Delaney"><sup><b>talk</b></sup></a> 13:16, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>
<dl>
<dd>I think such comments are appropriate - I've made them in the evidence summaries I did. Remember, we're also supposed to write proposed decisions. <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 17:11, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="Obtaining_handling_and_presenting_evidence--what_are_the_ground_rules_for_clerks.3F" id="Obtaining_handling_and_presenting_evidence--what_are_the_ground_rules_for_clerks.3F"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Obtaining handling and presenting evidence--what are the ground rules for clerks?">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Obtaining handling and presenting evidence--what are the ground rules for clerks?</span></h2>
<p>As clerks, how hands-on should we be? I don't think this has a simple answer. For instance in one case someone refers to an RfC by name, saying it's important, but doesn't link to it or explain why it's important. Should I go and investigate? This has been pointed out as evidence and no doubt the Committee will want to look at it. So at what point in going off and doing this do I become a participant?</p>
<p>In an early case I was involved in, Party 1 presented a jumble of diffs and a mass of polemic, attacking the defendants, who were it must be admitted very nasty pieces of work and had made his experience of Wikipedia a living hell. It was obvious that the case would fail unless the sequence of events and the identity of the participants could be understood. I spent a weekend painstakingly sifting through the history of a number of different articles, through several different disputes, piecing the whole thing together into a coherent body of evidence that could be digested easily. Is also this part of the clerk's job?</p>
<p>I think we need guidance on this from the arbitrators. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User%7ETony_Sidaway_8b51.html" title="User:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a>|<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Talk</a> 15:58, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>In general, my inclination is no, it's the AMA's job, but they're in dire shape and not really doing their job, nor have they ever. And certainly there's some amount of following-up to do - the RfC, posting checkuser requests on cases that require it, and glancing at the context of edits to make sure they're being represented fairly. (i.e. if a user is accused of making a personal attack, making sure they didn't follow up by reverting themselves a minute later with an edit summary of "I'm sorry, that was totally inappropriate of me, and I shouldn't have said that.") <a href="../../../s/n/o/User%7ESnowspinner_8bb3.html" title="User:Snowspinner">Phil Sandifer</a> 17:17, 30 January 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>Personally I think our job is to check out the claims as we go, not to search for conflicting evidence, but its hard to say where the line is. My guess is we're going to be left using our best judgement. I think I'm going to go with evidence summaries including true false claims onto the /evidence pages and then send a short breif via the ML.--<a href="../../../t/z/n/User%7ETznkai_3625.html" title="User:Tznkai">Tznkai</a> 17:29, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
<dd>I hate to repeat myself, but I think the idea of doing briefs has every upside and no downside, because we would be very hands-on at organizing information, but the original statement from the party would still be visible in its original form. I would like to see a standard format for doing this, either on a different sub-page or as a separate section of the same page. --<a href="../../../r/y/a/User%7ERyan_Delaney_f359.html" title="User:Ryan Delaney">Ryan Delaney</a> <a href="../../../r/y/a/User_talk%7ERyan_Delaney_8333.html" title="User talk:Ryan Delaney"><sup><b>talk</b></sup></a> 17:25, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<p>Well we could raise briefs with the committee but I don't know whether they'd wear them. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User%7ETony_Sidaway_8b51.html" title="User:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a>|<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Talk</a> 17:58, 30 January 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="New_arbitrators_unrecusing_from_older_cases" id="New_arbitrators_unrecusing_from_older_cases"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: New arbitrators unrecusing from older cases">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">New arbitrators unrecusing from older cases</span></h2>
<p>I've had one case of an arbitrator (Charles Matthews) who has voted in an older case from which he had been auto-recused. He's allowed to do this of course, it's up to him, but in some cases this may affect the calculation of the number required for majority acceptance of a proposal. I've asked Charles to raise this and discuss it with the other arbitrators on their list, so they can agree on how to proceed. In the meantime, please be careful during closing and raise specific queries to the arbitrators before publishing the final decision. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a> 15:23, 4 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p><br /></p>
<p><a name="Timeline_in_userbox_case_and_SPUI" id="Timeline_in_userbox_case_and_SPUI"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Timeline in userbox case and SPUI">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Timeline in userbox case and SPUI</span></h2>
<p>Some people have been updating the timeline in the evidence of the userbox case. Thanks. I recused myself from this case recently after deleting SPUI's userpage and protecting it from deletion. I'd appreciate it if someone could update the timeline with some basic details of this affair and the edit war that developed over SPUI's userpage--it's particularly important to get this right because a userpage has been deleted and that isn't a step that is taken lightly. My brief note about the deletion and request for review is on <a href="../../../a/n/_/WP%7EAN_865a.html" title="WP:AN">WP:AN</a>. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a> 11:55, 9 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><br /></p>
<p><a name="The_summary_for_the_userbox_case" id="The_summary_for_the_userbox_case"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: The summary for the userbox case">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">The summary for the userbox case</span></h2>
<p>In leaving, <a href="../../../r/a/d/User%7ERadiant%21_e591.html" title="User:Radiant!">User:Radiant!</a> singled out the clerks' office's summary of trhe userbox case for criticism, but gave nothing specific. Steve Block has offered <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Radiant%21&amp;diff=38958397&amp;oldid=38940044" class="external text" title="http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=User_talk:Radiant%21&amp;diff=38958397&amp;oldid=38940044" rel="nofollow">this elaboration</a> of some apparent discrepancies in the account. This seems to be valid criticism to me, but I'm recused in this case. Would someone please take a look and correct any errors or slanted wording in the account? --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a> 20:44, 9 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Userbox_closure--it.27s_important_to_get_our_ducks_in_a_row" id="Userbox_closure--it.27s_important_to_get_our_ducks_in_a_row"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Userbox closure--it's important to get our ducks in a row">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Userbox closure--it's important to get our ducks in a row</span></h2>
<p>On the userbox decision, there are some potential ambiguities and they need to be tightened up. I won't be doing the close myself because I'm recused, but somebody will need for to work this out.</p>
<p>For example, Ashibaka is first to remain desysopped for two weeks after the case closes, "after which his sysop powers are to be restored" (5), but in a later motion he "may reapply for administrative privileges" after two weeks (5.1). There are mutually incompatible motions, and both passed (the former by 13 votes to 0, the latter by 9 votes to 0, with three abstentions). 8 votes is a pass in this case. Which is to be applied?</p>
<p>In Carnildo's case, a similar sequence occurs. Both motions passed but the latter is more stringent and passed by a smaller margin (a third motion in his case failed).</p>
<p>The El_C and Karmafist cases are relatively straightforward. Only one of the motions proposed has passed in each of those cases, and this is the one that should be applied. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a> 12:06, 10 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>I think the arbitrators have specified which motions they prefer as a first choice. --<a href="../../../r/y/a/User%7ERyan_Delaney_f359.html" title="User:Ryan Delaney">Ryan Delaney</a> <a href="../../../r/y/a/User_talk%7ERyan_Delaney_8333.html" title="User talk:Ryan Delaney"><sup><b>talk</b></sup></a> 12:43, 10 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<dl>
<dd>If I'm reading the procedure for closing correctly, the motion with the most net votes applies in case of a discrepancy. Although maybe I'm just reading too much into it. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 12:47, 10 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="Let.27s_not_do_it_unless_explicitly_asked_to_do_it_by_the_arbitrators" id="Let.27s_not_do_it_unless_explicitly_asked_to_do_it_by_the_arbitrators"></a></p>
<h3><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Let's not do it unless explicitly asked to do it by the arbitrators">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Let's not do it unless explicitly asked to do it by the arbitrators</span></h3>
<p>Because this is a very controversial case and it's moved unusually quickly, the Committee is considering having an arbitrator perform the close--someone who has been party to the discussions on the mailing list and has a sense of the feel of the committee on this. I agree, and suggest that we hold off unless explicitly requested to perform the close ourselves. --<a href="../../../t/o/n/User_talk%7ETony_Sidaway_de51.html" title="User talk:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a> 13:33, 10 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Sockpuppetry_of_Ruy_Lopez" id="Sockpuppetry_of_Ruy_Lopez"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Sockpuppetry of Ruy Lopez">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Sockpuppetry of Ruy Lopez</span></h2>
<p>The Ruy Lopez case was closed and merged into the VeryVerily appeal. From what I can tell, everyone and his mother believe that Ruy Lopez has used a bunch of sockpuppets, but I haven't been able to find much documentation to this effect. (the one example I did find is cited in FOF1). Help would be appreciated <a href="../../../r/a/u/User%7ERaul654_54a3.html" title="User:Raul654">Raul654</a> 18:17, 12 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>I've looked and dug into the available evidence, but there's nothing "hard" indicating sockpuppetry. Most evidence that is available is circumstantial. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 01:38, 13 February 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>I'll take the circumstantial too - David has already confirmed at least one of hte sockpuppets. <a href="../../../r/a/u/User%7ERaul654_54a3.html" title="User:Raul654">Raul654</a> 02:13, 13 February 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd><a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_arbitration_Appeal_of_VeryVerily_Evidence_c973.html#Suspected_sockpuppets" title="Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Appeal of VeryVerily/Evidence">I did what I could</a>. <s>I guess I'll now go and open some cases.</s> If there are any to open... <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 09:28, 13 February 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="Keeping_the_checkuser_page_clean" id="Keeping_the_checkuser_page_clean"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Keeping the checkuser page clean">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Keeping the checkuser page clean</span></h2>
<p><a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_CheckUser_53a4.html" title="Wikipedia:Requests for CheckUser">Wikipedia:Requests for CheckUser</a> is a mess. Many requests have been answered, others have not. Could someone go through and delete any of them that have been answered more than 24 hours ago? <a href="../../../r/a/u/User%7ERaul654_54a3.html" title="User:Raul654">Raul654</a> 23:29, 27 February 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>Poke - again, could somebody take a look at this? <a href="../../../r/a/u/User%7ERaul654_54a3.html" title="User:Raul654">Raul654</a> 23:46, 11 March 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>I archived until about 2/3rds down the page. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 09:22, 12 March 2006 (UTC)</dd>
<dd>I think I did everything. I find it a bit troubling that a lot of stuff from January was put in the March archive even though the requests were never rejected nor resolved. <a href="../../../j/o/h/User%7EJohnleemk_41e5.html" title="User:Johnleemk">Johnleemk</a> | <a href="../../../j/o/h/User_talk%7EJohnleemk_fb71.html" title="User talk:Johnleemk">Talk</a> 14:39, 12 March 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="-Ril-_2"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: -Ril- 2">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">-Ril- 2</span></h2>
<p>I think it would be a general help if a clerk could merge all the relevant Ril-related material from KJV to the new case. Thanks. <a href="../../../d/m/c/User%7EDmcdevit_2064.html" title="User:Dmcdevit">Dmcdevit</a>·<a href="../../../d/m/c/User_talk%7EDmcdevit_b359.html" title="User talk:Dmcdevit">t</a> 05:59, 4 March 2006 (UTC)</p>
<p><a name="Desysopping" id="Desysopping"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Desysopping">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Desysopping</span></h2>
<p>Prior discussion on Seabchan mooted by events. When it is again near closure, we can <a href="../../../r/o/c/Rock%2C_Paper%2C_Scissors_c19c.html" title="Rock, Paper, Scissors">Rochambeau</a> for it. <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 23:05, 12 December 2006 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>The closes are coming in again, and the net vote count for closes appears to be hovering at 3 with 5 support and 2 oppose, so it will soon need to be closed (should definitely be given at least 24 hours after the 4th net, though, as this is clearly a controversial case). Is Srikeit still up for it? <a href="../../../c/o/w/User%7ECowman109_5ea9.html" title="User:Cowman109"><font color="DarkGreen">Cowman109</font></a><sup><a href="../../../c/o/w/User_talk%7ECowman109_260b.html" title="User talk:Cowman109">Talk</a></sup> 00:21, 14 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>Yes I'm still interested but I'll give this one well over 24 hours after the 4th net vote considering that a remedy has recently been proposed by Fred and is still to receive any votes. --<a href="../../../s/r/i/User_talk%7ESrikeit_6c22.html" title="User talk:Srikeit">Srikeit</a> 16:44, 14 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>It may be a challenge to interpret the conditional votes, if things move in the direction they have started. <a href="http://courses.cs.vt.edu/~cs3304/Spring03/programs/p3.php" class="external autonumber" title="http://courses.cs.vt.edu/~cs3304/Spring03/programs/p3.php" rel="nofollow">[1]</a> After the 4th net close vote double-check the implementation and leave a note; during the 24hr grace at least one other of us should double-check it. <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 04:01, 15 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>The net-vote to close is now 5, so the results should start being evaluated. Lots of conditional votes to look at as stated above... <a href="../../../c/o/w/User%7ECowman109_5ea9.html" title="User:Cowman109"><font color="DarkGreen">Cowman109</font></a><sup><a href="../../../c/o/w/User_talk%7ECowman109_260b.html" title="User talk:Cowman109">Talk</a></sup> 16:18, 16 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>But nothing passes except the orignals. <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 16:38, 16 December 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
<dd>Srikeit, do you have an account on meta? We need to post the desysoppings at <a href="http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Requests_for_permissions" class="extiw" title="m:Requests_for_permissions">m:Requests for permissions</a> when the case is officially closed. <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 18:38, 16 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>Yes <a href="http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Srikeit" class="extiw" title="m:User:Srikeit">m:User:Srikeit</a>, however its already been <a href="http://meta.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special%3ALog&amp;type=rights&amp;user=Jon+Harald+S%C3%B8by&amp;page=" class="external text" title="http://meta.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special%3ALog&amp;type=rights&amp;user=Jon+Harald+S%C3%B8by&amp;page=" rel="nofollow">done</a>. Do I still need to post anything? I'm thinking of closing it around 17:00 (UTC) today. --<a href="../../../s/r/i/User_talk%7ESrikeit_6c22.html" title="User talk:Srikeit">Srikeit</a> 06:36, 17 December 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
<dd>Sorry to butt in here guys, but just wanted to point out that requests to desysop users are traditionally not done by the clerks, but by an Arbitrator. The present case is moot because Dmcdevit has already requested the desysopping, but it might be worthwhile to ask for a clarification from the Arbs, as I don't believe a clerk has ever been called on to make such a request, and the stewards might be a bit hesitant, especially those not active on en.wiki. <span style="font-family: Verdana"><a href="../../../e/s/s/User%7EEssjay_c5fd.html" title="User:Essjay"><font color="#0000CD"><b>Essjay</b></font></a> <a href="../../../e/s/s/User_talk%7EEssjay_a39e.html" title="User talk:Essjay"><font color="#0000CD">(<small>Talk</small>)</font></a></span> 07:00, 17 December 2006 (UTC)
<dl>
<dd>Well seeing that everything is final, I'm closing the case now (my first as an official clerk!). Thanks to everyone especially Dmcdevit, FloNight and Thatcher131 for all their help and guidance. --<a href="../../../s/r/i/User_talk%7ESrikeit_6c22.html" title="User talk:Srikeit">Srikeit</a> 07:53, 17 December 2006 (UTC)</dd>
<dd>(edit conflicted) We've never tried with anyone but an arbitrator, so I can't speak for the stewards, but I would say that it's probably best that way, hesitancy or not. Arbitration-mandated desysoppings are seldom urgent, and arbitrator requests, like the implementation notes, are another good way to avoid mistranslation. This case can be closed now. <a href="../../../d/m/c/User%7EDmcdevit_2064.html" title="User:Dmcdevit">Dmcdevit</a>·<a href="../../../d/m/c/User_talk%7EDmcdevit_b359.html" title="User talk:Dmcdevit">t</a> 07:55, 17 December 2006 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p><a name="Statement_length" id="Statement_length"></a></p>
<h2><span class="editsection">[<a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html" title="Edit section: Statement length">edit</a>]</span> <span class="mw-headline">Statement length</span></h2>
<p>I would appreciate the assistance of the clerks in enforcing the maximum statement length limitation at [<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Requests_for_arbitration/Sathya_Sai_Baba_2/Evidence" class="external autonumber" title="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Requests_for_arbitration/Sathya_Sai_Baba_2/Evidence" rel="nofollow">[2]</a>]. It is not necessary for you to summarize the statement yourselves unless you wish to do so, rather, please remove the overlength statement until the responsible party shortens it.</p>
<p><a href="../../../u/n/i/User%7EUninvitedCompany_c154.html" title="User:UninvitedCompany">The Uninvited</a> Co., <a href="../../../u/n/i/User_talk%7EUninvitedCompany_4866.html" title="User talk:UninvitedCompany">Inc.</a> 16:54, 2 January 2007 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>I can see that excessively long evidence submissions could be a serious burden on the arbitrators. On the other hand, I am not sure that a limitation on the length of evidence submissions (as opposed to statements in advance of case acceptance) has ever been enforced before (as opposed to merely suggested). In complex cases or cases involving a long series of events, I can imagine it might be difficult to compile all relevant evidence in 1000 words. The result of enforcing such a limitation could be that the arbitrators wind up having to dig through materials themselves that would otherwise have been summarized by the parties or other commenters. Just a thought, perhaps for discussion by the arbs among themselves. <a href="../../../n/e/w/User%7ENewyorkbrad_524d.html" title="User:Newyorkbrad">Newyorkbrad</a> 16:59, 2 January 2007 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
<dl>
<dd>
<dl>
<dd>I'm not sure that 1000 words is realistic; on the other hand I am well aware that most evidence presentations contain too much argumentation and not enough evidence (a <a href="../../../s/i/g/Signal-to-noise.html" title="Signal-to-noise">signal-to-noise</a> problem if you will). I'd like UninvitedCompany to comment on the evidence I presented at <a href="../../../r/e/q/Wikipedia%7ERequests_for_arbitration_Gundagai_editors_Evidence_b280.html" title="Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Gundagai editors/Evidence">Wikipedia:Requests for arbitration/Gundagai editors/Evidence</a>, a case I was involved with. It's a fairly comprehensive case against a single editor, and measures about 1400 words according to MS Word. Should the 1000 word limit be raised, or perhaps it should be left stated as 1000 words but enforced at 1500 or 2000. <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 17:22, 2 January 2007 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>
</dd>
</dl>
<p>Thatcher131, the statement you made in the Guandagai editors case looks reasonable to me. That however is the exception rather than the rule. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect disputants to present the essence of the strongest arguments for their case. If necessary a link can be added to a further statement elsewhere for interested arbs. I believe that arbs should generally be expected to read all of the evidence presented, and in light of this I believe a limit makes sense. I note that many of the statements contain retaliatory material by the bucketful, which is hardly ever of any use to us. <a href="../../../u/n/i/User%7EUninvitedCompany_c154.html" title="User:UninvitedCompany">The Uninvited</a> Co., <a href="../../../u/n/i/User_talk%7EUninvitedCompany_4866.html" title="User talk:UninvitedCompany">Inc.</a> 01:47, 7 January 2007 (UTC)</p>
<dl>
<dd>OK, thanks. That's a particularly good clarification. I may quote it (frequently). <a href="../../../t/h/a/User_talk%7EThatcher131_b35e.html" title="User talk:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a> 01:51, 7 January 2007 (UTC)</dd>
</dl>

<div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html">http://en.wikipedia.org../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html</a>"</div>
	    	    <!-- end content -->
	    <div class="visualClear"></div>
	  </div>
	</div>
      </div>
      <div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
	  <h5>Views</h5>
	  <ul>
	    <li id="ca-nstab-project"
	       class="selected"	       ><a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_12cb.html">Project page</a></li><li id="ca-talk"
	       class="new"	       ><a href="../../../a/r/b/Wikipedia_talk%7EArbitration_Committee_Clerks_Noticeboard_Archive1_dcc1.html">Discussion</a></li><li id="ca-current"
	       	       ><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Arbitration_Committee/Clerks/Noticeboard/Archive1">Current revision</a></li>	  </ul>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
	  <a style="background-image: url(../../../images/wiki-en.png);"
	    href="../../../index.html"
	    title="Main Page"></a>
	</div>
	<script type="text/javascript"> if (window.isMSIE55) fixalpha(); </script>
		<div class='portlet' id='p-navigation'>
	  <h5>Navigation</h5>
	  <div class='pBody'>
	    <ul>
	    	      <li id="n-Main-page"><a href="../../../index.html">Main page</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-Contents"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Wikipedia%7EContents_3181.html">Contents</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-Featured-content"><a href="../../../f/e/a/Wikipedia%7EFeatured_content_24ba.html">Featured content</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-currentevents"><a href="../../../c/u/r/Portal%7ECurrent_events_bb60.html">Current events</a></li>
	     	    </ul>
	  </div>
	</div>
		<div class='portlet' id='p-interaction'>
	  <h5>interaction</h5>
	  <div class='pBody'>
	    <ul>
	    	      <li id="n-About-Wikipedia"><a href="../../../a/b/o/Wikipedia%7EAbout_8d82.html">About Wikipedia</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-portal"><a href="../../../c/o/m/Wikipedia%7ECommunity_Portal_6a3c.html">Community portal</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-contact"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Wikipedia%7EContact_us_afd6.html">Contact us</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-sitesupport"><a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Fundraising">Make a donation</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-help"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Help%7EContents_22de.html">Help</a></li>
	     	    </ul>
	  </div>
	</div>
		<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
	  <h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
	  <div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
	    <form action="javascript:goToStatic(3)" id="searchform"><div>
	      <input id="searchInput" name="search" type="text"
	        accesskey="f" value="" />
	      <input type='submit' name="go" class="searchButton" id="searchGoButton"
	        value="Go" />
	    </div></form>
	  </div>
	</div>
	      </div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
      <div class="visualClear"></div>
      <div id="footer">
    <div id="f-poweredbyico"><a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="../../../skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" /></a></div>	<div id="f-copyrightico"><a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/"><img src="../../../images/wikimedia-button.png" border="0" alt="Wikimedia Foundation"/></a></div>	<ul id="f-list">
	  	  	  <li id="f-credits">This page was last modified 18:39, 25 February 2007 by Wikipedia user <a href="../../../t/h/a/User%7EThatcher131_a696.html" title="User:Thatcher131">Thatcher131</a>. Based on work by Wikipedia user(s) <a href="../../../t/o/n/User%7ETony_Sidaway_8b51.html" title="User:Tony Sidaway">Tony Sidaway</a>.</li>	  <li id="f-copyright">All text is available under the terms of the <a class='internal' href="../../../t/e/x/Wikipedia%7EText_of_the_GNU_Free_Documentation_License_702a.html" title="Wikipedia:Text of the GNU Free Documentation License">GNU Free Documentation License</a>. (See <b><a class='internal' href="../../../c/o/p/Wikipedia%7ECopyrights_92c4.html" title="Wikipedia:Copyrights">Copyrights</a></b> for details.) <br /> Wikipedia&reg; is a registered trademark of the <a href="http://www.wikimediafoundation.org">Wikimedia Foundation, Inc</a>., a US-registered <a class='internal' href="../../../5/0/1/501%28c%29.html#501.28c.29.283.29" title="501(c)(3)">501(c)(3)</a> <a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Deductibility_of_donations">tax-deductible</a> <a class='internal' href="../../../n/o/n/Non-profit_organization.html" title="Non-profit organization">nonprofit</a> <a href="../../../c/h/a/Charitable_organization.html" title="Charitable organization">charity</a>.<br /></li>	  <li id="f-about"><a href="../../../a/b/o/Wikipedia%7EAbout_8d82.html" title="Wikipedia:About">About Wikipedia</a></li>	  <li id="f-disclaimer"><a href="../../../g/e/n/Wikipedia%7EGeneral_disclaimer_3e44.html" title="Wikipedia:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>	  	</ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
