<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    		<meta name="keywords" content="Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt II,AMA Coordinator,AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05),AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt. III,AMA Meeting (suggested topics)" />
		<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
		<link rel="search" type="application/opensearchdescription+xml" href="/w/opensearch_desc.php" title="Wikipedia (English)" />
		<link rel="copyright" href="../../../COPYING.html" />
    <title>Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt II - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</title>
    <style type="text/css">/*<![CDATA[*/ @import "../../../skins/htmldump/main.css"; /*]]>*/</style>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="print" href="../../../skins/common/commonPrint.css" />
    <!--[if lt IE 5.5000]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE50Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE 5.5000]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE55Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE 6]><style type="text/css">@import "../../../skins/monobook/IE60Fixes.css";</style><![endif]-->
    <!--[if IE]><script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/common/IEFixes.js"></script>
    <meta http-equiv="imagetoolbar" content="no" /><![endif]-->
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/common/wikibits.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/md5.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/utf8.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../skins/htmldump/lookup.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../raw/gen.js"></script>        <style type="text/css">/*<![CDATA[*/
@import "../../../raw/MediaWiki%7ECommon.css";
@import "../../../raw/MediaWiki%7EMonobook.css";
@import "../../../raw/gen.css";
/*]]>*/</style>          </head>
  <body
    class="ns-4">
    <div id="globalWrapper">
      <div id="column-content">
	<div id="content">
	  <a name="top" id="contentTop"></a>
	        <h1 class="firstHeading">Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt II</h1>
	  <div id="bodyContent">
	    <h3 id="siteSub">From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia</h3>
	    <div id="contentSub"></div>
	    	    	    <!-- start content -->
	    <p>This is a continuation of <a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_ab2c.html" title="Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05)">Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05)</a>.</p>
<p>[15:00] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; If they're former coordinators and arbitrators, they've shown merit.<br />
[15:00] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; ic<br />
[15:00] &lt;Metasquares&gt; The coordinator can... I can see either situation working<br />
[15:00] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; as a members advocate?<br />
[15:00] &lt;alex756&gt; I think that the role of the Coordinator is something that the members should decide, as they have in the past.<br />
[15:00] &lt;alex756&gt; What about my proposal that the elected member with the most votes becomes the new coordinator?<br />
[15:01] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I dodn't know we had members of the arbitration commitee as members advocates?<br />
[15:01] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; former or otherwise?<br />
[15:01] &lt;alex756&gt; No, actually former members of the arbitration commmitee are allowed to become members.<br />
[15:01] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but have they?<br />
[15:01] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; not to my knowledge....<br />
[15:01] &lt;alex756&gt; I was also thinking that as Coordinator that I should mention this to them.<br />
[15:01] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I don't like that so much.<br />
[15:02] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I think the Coordinator should be responsible to the committee; thus being elected from them.<br />
[15:02] &lt;alex756&gt; Like former judges they can be very good advocates.<br />
[15:02] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I don't like most of what I've heard, sorry to say<br />
[15:02] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I could see it working, it's just not my preferred.<br />
[15:02] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; if it was put up for referendum, all in one, I'd be against it<br />
[15:02] &lt;alex756&gt; Sam, do you think we should have a committee at all?<br />
[15:02] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; no<br />
[15:02] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Then how should we do it?<br />
[15:02] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I oppose commitees<br />
[15:02] &lt;Anthere&gt; Wally_AMA, I'll think more about it<br />
[15:02] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; vigorously<br />
[15:02] &lt;Anthere&gt; but I read what you all write<br />
[15:03] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Why? Are you afraid that the presence of a committee will slow the AMA's decision making down?<br />
[15:03] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; yes<br />
[15:03] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; greatly<br />
[15:03] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I am happy to type up a full proposal of what I might see, if that might help all concerned?<br />
[15:03] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; mine especially<br />
[15:03] &lt;alex756&gt; We are going to be discussing this for a while Anthere, it will be posted on the AMA pages so we are hoping to get more member input after today.<br />
[15:03] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt;&#160;;)<br />
[15:03] &lt;alex756&gt; I think we need to discuss the need of a commmittee more, I am interested in hearing sam's objections to that.<br />
[15:03] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; already your asking I keep track of what I'm doing as an advocate, which takes up at least as much time as advocating<br />
[15:04] &lt;alex756&gt; Sam, I was just looking for a short general paragraph, that is all, not some kind of complex time sheet.<br />
[15:04] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but its an example<br />
[15:04] &lt;alex756&gt; Did you look at what other people wrote on the Survey page?<br />
[15:04] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; of the sort of things which come from commitees<br />
[15:04] &lt;alex756&gt; I don't think it took them very long to write that.<br />
[15:05] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; people who can, do<br />
[15:05] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; yeah, I'm happy to do that<br />
[15:05] &lt;alex756&gt; Can I make a statement as the present Coordinator?<br />
[15:05] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but strict records are needed<br />
[15:05] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; we need to have a division of labour<br />
[15:05] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; sure<br />
[15:06] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; *<br />
[15:06] &lt;alex756&gt; I posted messages on all 29 members talk pages a week ago, and only eight responded (including Anthere who put a suggestion on my talk page).<br />
[15:06] &lt;alex756&gt; I think this shows the level of activity, several of those people that did respond have hardly done any advocacy.<br />
[15:07] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Sam, I respectfully disagree.<br />
[15:07] &lt;alex756&gt; As Coordinator it is a bit frustrating to put all the onus on that position for communicating with AMA members.<br />
[15:07] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Asking for a brief list of what a person has been involved in is not the sort of crushing bureaucracy you seem to portray.<br />
[15:07] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I have at least one arbitration case going, and just closed 2<br />
[15:07] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; what have you been doing?<br />
[15:07] &lt;alex756&gt; It would be better if there were more than one person then the Coordinator could work with someone else and discuss AMA activities.<br />
[15:08] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; members advocate-wise?<br />
[15:08] &lt;Metasquares&gt; I agree with alex756 here; this can be handled more efficiently by many people than just one<br />
[15:08] &lt;alex756&gt; I am not talking about intererence with individual advocates cases, I think that advocates need to be independent of the AMA in their activities.<br />
[15:08] &lt;alex756&gt; That is why I wonder why so many people mentioned "unofficial" advocacy.<br />
[15:08] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; keeping track of what I do here would double my work<br />
[15:09] &lt;alex756&gt; It seems to me that whenever you advocate that is "official". There is no stamp that the AMA puts on an advocate's activities.<br />
[15:09] &lt;Metasquares&gt; So all advocacy is to be considered official, even if it isn't conducted through the AMA requests for assistance?<br />
[15:09] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I favor unofficial advocacy<br />
[15:09] &lt;alex756&gt; And I don't think we need to start setting up our own disciplinary system, no one has complained yet.<br />
[15:09] &lt;alex756&gt; I don't know anything about this "unoffocial" advocacy. All advocacy is advocacy.<br />
[15:10] &lt;alex756&gt; Show me where we ever discussed "official" vs. "unofficial" advocacy.<br />
[15:10] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Where disciplinary systems are concerned I figure if it comes up the committee just handles it.<br />
[15:10] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; nigel mentioned it<br />
[15:10] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; No formal system is desirable.<br />
[15:10] &lt;alex756&gt; The idea for requests for assistance is for people who could not find advocates directly.<br />
[15:10] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Ah<br />
[15:10] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; people copntact me directly<br />
[15:10] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; severel a week<br />
[15:10] &lt;alex756&gt; That is what is says on the main page and why people have member statements.<br />
[15:11] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; any of you can contact me<br />
[15:11] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; if I don't want to jelp, I won't<br />
[15:11] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but I usually do<br />
[15:11] &lt;alex756&gt; Maybe we should make you coordinator then Sam, and you could refer some of your contacts to other advocates who haven't had much chance to help people.<br />
[15:11] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; and I don't even have a members statement&#160;;)<br />
[15:11] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; hehe<br />
[15:12] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I oppose coordinators, and commitees<br />
[15:12] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I just happen to like you, alex<br />
[15:12] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I agree that messaging every last one of us shouldn't be your job<br />
[15:12] &lt;alex756&gt; I think that the Coordinator Sam should serve an organizational function, not coordinate advocacy.<br />
[15:12] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; that should be somebodies job, maybe a bots job, but not yours<br />
[15:13] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; A bot is not a person.<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; we need division of labor<br />
[15:13] &lt;alex756&gt; Some of the members have suggested that we need a higher profile, more activity. I think discussion is good.<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; profile is easy<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I could advertise you if I wanted<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; in my introductions to new members<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; or my signature<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; or main page<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; we could all do that<br />
[15:13] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but we don't<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; sorry, must go<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; bye all<br />
[15:14] &lt;alex756&gt; Yes, we are still a young association.<br />
[15:14] &lt;alex756&gt; By anthere, hope you get a chance to read the logs.<br />
[15:14] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; goodbye anthere<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; yes, please publish them<br />
[15:14] &lt;alex756&gt; And comment later.<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; or send them by mail<br />
[15:14] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Bye<br />
[15:14] &lt;alex756&gt; They will be published, like the last one.<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; will do, I promise, today is very very busy for me<br />
[15:14] &lt;Anthere&gt; good thanks<br />
[15:15] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; We don't need advertisement.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; We're not selling shoes.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; we need incentivce<br />
[15:15] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Hence what the committee offers.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; thats why people do things<br />
[15:15] &lt;alex756&gt; I think what we need is more support of AMA members.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; A chance to have a bigger part, to move up.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Something a pithy title cannot offer.<br />
[15:15] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; we need positions of responsibility based on merir, not seniority or elections<br />
[15:15] &lt;alex756&gt; The role of being a commmittee member should be for people willing to take on responsibility, not "move up."<br />
[15:16] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; division of labour<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; To this I agree; however realism and idealism must be reconciled.<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; And who, Sam, decides who is worthy of "moving up"?<br />
[15:16] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; obvious merit<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Who decides who has "merit"?<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; No such thing.<br />
[15:16] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; success<br />
[15:16] &lt;alex756&gt; They should be willing to spend time thinking about how the AMA can be improved. How advocates can be helped, through training, meetings that discuss specific topics, etc.<br />
[15:16] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; Bull<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; What you're essentially asking for is approval by approbation.<br />
[15:16] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; very few of us do anything<br />
[15:16] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Aka an election.<br />
[15:17] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; at all<br />
[15:17] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; not even talking on the AMA discussion page<br />
[15:17] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; But those that do are not qualified dictators by the fact.<br />
[15:17] &lt;alex756&gt; I think we can have an election Sam, that is how this meeting thing got started, no?<br />
[15:17] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; a handful come here, or have advocated for anybody<br />
[15:17] &lt;alex756&gt; I noticed that the only person who put something on the page for topics to discuss at this meeting was a non AMA member.<br />
[15:18] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; hehehehe<br />
[15:18] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; thats probably insightful, alex<br />
[15:18] &lt;alex756&gt; Did anyone read his suggestion?<br />
[15:18] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; no<br />
[15:18] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Second meeting page or first?<br />
[15:18] &lt;alex756&gt; See: <a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_Meeting_%28suggested_topics%29_6166.html" title="Wikipedia:AMA Meeting (suggested topics)">Wikipedia:AMA Meeting (suggested topics)</a><br />
[15:18] * Sam_Spade is now known as Sam_Spadeaway<br />
[15:19] &lt;alex756&gt; Actually he/her also joined the AMA<br />
[15:20] &lt;alex756&gt; The suggestion was to put a link on each page to AMA policies?!<br />
[15:20] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I think this is partly because we have so many pages.<br />
[15:20] &lt;alex756&gt; I guess the suggestion was that people really don't know much about our group.<br />
[15:20] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; No one knows where to leave a suggestion.<br />
[15:21] &lt;alex756&gt; I find that strange, because I have a Coodinator's page, and there have been a few suggestions, but not much.<br />
[15:21] * Sam_Spadeaway is now known as Jack<br />
[15:21] &lt;alex756&gt; <a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_Coordinator_28a8.html" title="Wikipedia:AMA Coordinator">Wikipedia:AMA Coordinator</a><br />
[15:22] &lt;alex756&gt; Wally, I noticed that you did leave a question there on Dec. 31.<br />
[15:22] * Jack is now known as Sam_Spade<br />
[15:22] &lt;alex756&gt; And there was one other public inquiry about a "Guide to Mediation".<br />
[15:23] &lt;alex756&gt; I also did get a few emails directly that were confidential inquiries of people that did not want to publish their questions on the wiki.<br />
[15:23] &lt;alex756&gt; I think the problem is ongoing communication between members.<br />
[15:23] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; thats why were here, eh?<br />
[15:24] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; its not like you guys call me alot<br />
[15:24] &lt;alex756&gt; And as present Coordinator I will support anything within reason that helps that, because I can see that our organiation is valuable, even it does not seem to be very "busy".<br />
[15:24] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; not even messages on my talk page *sob*<br />
[15:24] &lt;alex756&gt; Sam, that is what I am talking about, AMA members should be the ones trying to communicate with the Coordinator, not the other way around.<br />
[15:24] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I agree<br />
[15:24] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; you should not be the SPAM guy<br />
[15:25] &lt;alex756&gt; LOL.<br />
[15:25] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; It's not "spam".<br />
[15:25] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but who has any place complaining?<br />
[15:25] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; what are we doing?<br />
[15:25] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; one guy resigned, because he was too busy<br />
[15:25] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I think most are indifferent<br />
[15:25] &lt;alex756&gt; Hey at least I'm not the guy who put the dual licensing notice on all the user talk pages, egh?<br />
[15:25] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; do you know how many wiki clubs I'm in?<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; yeah, I'm not complaining, alex<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I like your notes<br />
[15:26] &lt;alex756&gt; That is why we might have a commmittee Sam, it might at least get a few people involved more.<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but I understand its boring sending them<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I donno alex...<br />
[15:26] &lt;alex756&gt; Actually I have it down to a science now, it doesn't take that long.<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; giving a position to people who arn't already busy....<br />
[15:26] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; idle hands do the devils work...<br />
[15:27] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I don't trust commitees<br />
[15:27] &lt;alex756&gt; What about people without experience learning from those who have more? Isn't that important?<br />
[15:27] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; if they have experiences<br />
[15:27] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; it may be<br />
[15:27] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; Sam, if you don't trust committees offer another workable solution.<br />
[15:28] &lt;alex756&gt; So, someone like you, Sam, has an obligation to share your expertise with other AMA members, to help them become better advocates. Don't you agree?<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; but people w no real experience bossing about those who are busy advocating is what I envision when I hear "commitee"<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I agree, alex<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; and you've heard my ideas, wally<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I can repeat, if needed<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; I think we need incentive<br />
[15:28] &lt;alex756&gt; That is why you would want there to be an election, Sam. The people who are running would have to make a statement about their qualifications to help run the AMA activities.<br />
[15:28] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; and leadership by the successful, and the rigorous<br />
[15:29] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; not the electable, or the most senior<br />
[15:29] &lt;alex756&gt; What better way to recognize merit than an election?<br />
[15:29] &lt;Sam_Spade&gt; every way<br />
[15:29] &lt;alex756&gt; How would you make the choice of the most successful and most rigorous sam? I'd like to hear your suggestions.<br />
[15:29] * Sam_Spadeaway has joined #AMA<br />
[15:30] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; sorry, fell offline<br />
[15:30] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Would you base your decision strictly on the number of people that an Advocate has helped?<br />
[15:30] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; no<br />
[15:30] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; What base is there?<br />
[15:30] &lt;Metasquares&gt; I think that an election is a good way to recognize merit, at least in the community's eyes<br />
[15:30] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; His criteria are completely subjective.<br />
[15:30] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; there are many obvious methods of measurement<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; I would accept any that was feasable<br />
[15:31] &lt;Metasquares&gt; An election is subjective, but there aren't any objective ways to measure something like merit, which is inherently subjective<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; bah<br />
[15:31] &lt;alex756&gt; Please tell us your suggestions, not that they are obvious.<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; ok<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; number of cases<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; number of successful cases<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; numbner of happy customers<br />
[15:31] &lt;alex756&gt; What if someone takes on a lot of cases and is not successful?<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; those 3 are good<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; all 3 are good<br />
[15:31] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; especially in combination<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; if 100% of comments from clients are bad...<br />
[15:32] &lt;alex756&gt; What is success? If an advocate is advocating for someone who has an important point, then that case may not lead to a quick or easy resolution.<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; thats pretty bad&#160;;)<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; often it doesn;t<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; or he tries hard, and faiels<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; thats why all 3 are good<br />
[15:32] &lt;alex756&gt; No one has made any comments about any advocate to the AMA, so everyone is on equal footing as far as the Coordinator is concerned.<br />
[15:32] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt;&#160;:D<br />
[15:33] * Anthere has quit IRC (Connection timed out)<br />
[15:33] &lt;alex756&gt; What if the people who are most satisfied do not speak of their satisfaction?<br />
[15:33] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; offer me incentove, and you'll have a stack of compliments about me, I'll see to that&#160;;)<br />
[15:33] &lt;alex756&gt; Anyway, I don't know what that has to do with sitting on a commmitee that organizes workshops or puts together written materials about advocacy.<br />
[15:34] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; To me, if a person doesn't speak of their advocacy, it is more likely successful.<br />
[15:34] &lt;alex756&gt; They can also ask someone to help them who has a lot of experience.<br />
[15:34] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; People squawk when things go wrong, not right.<br />
[15:34] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; This all sounds like a commitee!<br />
[15:34] &lt;alex756&gt; I think you want us to give out some kind of "Metal" or "Badge" of honor.<br />
[15:34] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; aieeeeeee!&#160;;)<br />
[15:35] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; I think we need to find out who knows what they are talking about<br />
[15:35] &lt;alex756&gt; I have no problem with awarding an "advocate of the year" award, but that should not be confused with people who are willing to help out with organization.<br />
[15:35] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; and then pay attention to them<br />
[15:35] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I'm going to go AFK for a bit, all, and start working up my proposal for the reorganization.<br />
[15:35] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Sam: Well what would you expect at a meeting if not a discussion between members about where the association is going?<br />
[15:35] &lt;alex756&gt; The people on the commmittee are not going to be telling anyone what to do.<br />
[15:35] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; I'll be checking back in periodically; if we're going to schedule a time for voting on new proposals, please wait for me if possible.<br />
[15:36] &lt;alex756&gt; They would be organizing a conference, and experienced advocates like you, sam can make a presentation.<br />
[15:36] &lt;Wally_AMA&gt; If anybody has any other thoughts while I'm off, please PM me.<br />
[15:36] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; that sounds great, alex<br />
[15:36] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; but I expect something sinister<br />
[15:36] * Wally_AMA is now known as Wally|AMAFK<br />
[15:36] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; something that always seems to happen w commitees<br />
[15:36] &lt;alex756&gt; I don't see how someone serving on a commmittee is going be telling anyone what to do. That is like Jimbo telling people what articles they could write on Wikipedia. That is never going to happen.<br />
[15:36] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; entropy<br />
[15:37] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; beurocracy<br />
[15:37] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; The committee, to my mind, would only give an order in an extreme circumstance.<br />
[15:37] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; lack of impetus<br />
[15:37] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; I firmly hold to the belief of General George S. Patton - want people to get something done, tell them what to do and they'll surprise you with their ingenuity.<br />
[15:37] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; and worst of all, some fathead commitee long out of the loop making a descision in an extreme case&#160;;)<br />
[15:37] &lt;alex756&gt; Well, then we can have an open membership committee, open meetings and then whomever comes to the meetings can be deputized by the Coordinator to help do something for the AMA.<br />
[15:38] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; We'd be here only to say what to do, not how to do it.<br />
[15:38] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; I disagree with that.<br />
[15:38] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; oh....<br />
[15:38] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; We need a permanent, standing body for our group.<br />
[15:38] &lt;Metasquares&gt; Maybe the committee should publish some sort of periodical report on what it's accomplished, to ensure that it stays current on matters<br />
[15:38] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; Not an ad hoc thing.<br />
[15:38] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; The committee will be exactly as Sam says if we have it open and meeting at god-knows-what times.<br />
[15:39] &lt;alex756&gt; I think if we have a committee that always has a position open (rolling election) and meetings are open to all members that could be very responsive.<br />
[15:40] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; mahoritocracy is bad<br />
[15:40] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; especially when few vote<br />
[15:40] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; which is our circumstance<br />
[15:40] &lt;alex756&gt; But this is a membership organization, if the members don't particpate, why should they complain?<br />
[15:41] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; what if they do both, like me?<br />
[15:41] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt;&#160;;)<br />
[15:41] &lt;alex756&gt; They have a chance to come to the meetings and to post comments on the talk pages, if they do not, what is the problem?<br />
[15:41] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; I think every one of those names is a resource to us<br />
[15:41] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; I don't like the idea of rolling elections so that there's always an election coming up.<br />
[15:41] &lt;alex756&gt; I am happy you are speaking up Sam, because I beleive that only through discussion can we get somewhere.<br />
[15:41] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; potential advocates<br />
[15:41] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; As for open participation, no objections in principle.<br />
[15:42] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; if we can motivate them, we can do something<br />
[15:42] &lt;alex756&gt; I am just saying stagger the seats, if we have four, two can be for a year and the other two initially for six months.<br />
[15:42] &lt;alex756&gt; And then every election afterwards is for two seats for one year.<br />
[15:42] &lt;alex756&gt; That also gives some kind of continuity to the Committee.<br />
[15:42] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; Oh yes.<br />
[15:42] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; I agree completely.<br />
[15:43] &lt;Wally|AMAFK&gt; Depending upon how many seats are available.<br />
[15:43] &lt;Metasquares&gt; I agree with that as well<br />
[15:43] &lt;alex756&gt; Or should we call it "the synarchy of the whole" to make Sam happy?<br />
[15:44] &lt;Sam_Spadeaway&gt; heh...<br />
[15:44] &lt;alex756&gt; How about "Synarchy of the Inner Temple" and we make senior advocates "Grand Priests". Sam, would you like to be a Grand Priest of the Synarchy of the AMA?<br />
[15:45] &lt;alex756&gt; How is that for a "title of honour"?<br />
[15:45] &lt;Metasquares&gt;&#160;:)<br /></p>
<p>..continued on <a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt._III_325f.html" title="Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt. III">Wikipedia:AMA IRC Meeting log (1-30-05) Pt. III</a>.</p>

<div class="printfooter">
Retrieved from "<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt_II_0ffe.html">http://en.wikipedia.org../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt_II_0ffe.html</a>"</div>
	    <div id="catlinks"><p class='catlinks'><a href="../../../c/a/t/Special%7ECategories_101d.html" title="Special:Categories">Category</a>: <span dir='ltr'><a href="../../../a/m/a/Category%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_archive_a57c.html" title="Category:AMA IRC Meeting log archive">AMA IRC Meeting log archive</a></span></p></div>	    <!-- end content -->
	    <div class="visualClear"></div>
	  </div>
	</div>
      </div>
      <div id="column-one">
	<div id="p-cactions" class="portlet">
	  <h5>Views</h5>
	  <ul>
	    <li id="ca-nstab-project"
	       class="selected"	       ><a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt_II_0ffe.html">Project page</a></li><li id="ca-talk"
	       class="new"	       ><a href="../../../a/m/a/Wikipedia_talk%7EAMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt_II_6965.html">Discussion</a></li><li id="ca-current"
	       	       ><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:AMA_IRC_Meeting_log_%281-30-05%29_Pt_II">Current revision</a></li>	  </ul>
	</div>
	<div class="portlet" id="p-logo">
	  <a style="background-image: url(../../../images/wiki-en.png);"
	    href="../../../index.html"
	    title="Main Page"></a>
	</div>
	<script type="text/javascript"> if (window.isMSIE55) fixalpha(); </script>
		<div class='portlet' id='p-navigation'>
	  <h5>Navigation</h5>
	  <div class='pBody'>
	    <ul>
	    	      <li id="n-Main-page"><a href="../../../index.html">Main page</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-Contents"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Wikipedia%7EContents_3181.html">Contents</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-Featured-content"><a href="../../../f/e/a/Wikipedia%7EFeatured_content_24ba.html">Featured content</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-currentevents"><a href="../../../c/u/r/Portal%7ECurrent_events_bb60.html">Current events</a></li>
	     	    </ul>
	  </div>
	</div>
		<div class='portlet' id='p-interaction'>
	  <h5>interaction</h5>
	  <div class='pBody'>
	    <ul>
	    	      <li id="n-About-Wikipedia"><a href="../../../a/b/o/Wikipedia%7EAbout_8d82.html">About Wikipedia</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-portal"><a href="../../../c/o/m/Wikipedia%7ECommunity_Portal_6a3c.html">Community portal</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-contact"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Wikipedia%7EContact_us_afd6.html">Contact us</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-sitesupport"><a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Fundraising">Make a donation</a></li>
	     	      <li id="n-help"><a href="../../../c/o/n/Help%7EContents_22de.html">Help</a></li>
	     	    </ul>
	  </div>
	</div>
		<div id="p-search" class="portlet">
	  <h5><label for="searchInput">Search</label></h5>
	  <div id="searchBody" class="pBody">
	    <form action="javascript:goToStatic(3)" id="searchform"><div>
	      <input id="searchInput" name="search" type="text"
	        accesskey="f" value="" />
	      <input type='submit' name="go" class="searchButton" id="searchGoButton"
	        value="Go" />
	    </div></form>
	  </div>
	</div>
	      </div><!-- end of the left (by default at least) column -->
      <div class="visualClear"></div>
      <div id="footer">
    <div id="f-poweredbyico"><a href="http://www.mediawiki.org/"><img src="../../../skins/common/images/poweredby_mediawiki_88x31.png" alt="Powered by MediaWiki" /></a></div>	<div id="f-copyrightico"><a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/"><img src="../../../images/wikimedia-button.png" border="0" alt="Wikimedia Foundation"/></a></div>	<ul id="f-list">
	  	  	  <li id="f-credits">This page was last modified 08:27, 9 May 2005 by Wikipedia user <a href="../../../p/e/a/User%7EPearle_6f07.html" title="User:Pearle">Pearle</a>. Based on work by Wikipedia user(s) <a href="../../../a/l/e/User%7EAlex756_a868.html" title="User:Alex756">Alex756</a>.</li>	  <li id="f-copyright">All text is available under the terms of the <a class='internal' href="../../../t/e/x/Wikipedia%7EText_of_the_GNU_Free_Documentation_License_702a.html" title="Wikipedia:Text of the GNU Free Documentation License">GNU Free Documentation License</a>. (See <b><a class='internal' href="../../../c/o/p/Wikipedia%7ECopyrights_92c4.html" title="Wikipedia:Copyrights">Copyrights</a></b> for details.) <br /> Wikipedia&reg; is a registered trademark of the <a href="http://www.wikimediafoundation.org">Wikimedia Foundation, Inc</a>., a US-registered <a class='internal' href="../../../5/0/1/501%28c%29.html#501.28c.29.283.29" title="501(c)(3)">501(c)(3)</a> <a href="http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Deductibility_of_donations">tax-deductible</a> <a class='internal' href="../../../n/o/n/Non-profit_organization.html" title="Non-profit organization">nonprofit</a> <a href="../../../c/h/a/Charitable_organization.html" title="Charitable organization">charity</a>.<br /></li>	  <li id="f-about"><a href="../../../a/b/o/Wikipedia%7EAbout_8d82.html" title="Wikipedia:About">About Wikipedia</a></li>	  <li id="f-disclaimer"><a href="../../../g/e/n/Wikipedia%7EGeneral_disclaimer_3e44.html" title="Wikipedia:General disclaimer">Disclaimers</a></li>	  	</ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
